The Sales module keeps nine pages in one sidebar, all under the header Transactions.
p02
You already know the first one, Tickets, from the last two lessons,
p03
and the new Refund Approvals page waits for a lesson of its own.
p04
That leaves seven for today: line items, payments, cash out, drawers,
p05
declines, gift cards, and house accounts.
p06
This is a map, not a deep dive.
p07
By the end you'll open the right one without thinking.
p08
Start where you already are, on Ticket Details.
p09
Tickets gave you one row per sale.
p10
This page breaks each sale open: one row per line rung.
p11
Every service, every discount, every adjustment,
p12
with the cashier and location right beside it.
p13
When a customer questions a charge and you need to see what was actually rung,
p14
not just the total, this is the view that shows it.
p15
Click Payments.
p16
Every completed payment across the network, searchable by ticket number.
p17
Method and amount tell you how a given sale was tendered: card, cash, or account.
p18
One thing to hold onto: this page only records payments that went through.
p19
Approvals and declines aren't its job.
p20
Declines are tracked on their own page, which is exactly where we go next.
p21
Now Payouts.
p22
This is cash leaving the drawer instead of coming into it:
p23
petty cash, or a vendor paid on delivery.
p24
Read across the columns and you see why it matters.
p25
Every payout is stamped with a shift number, a cashier, and the terminal it came from.
p26
That trail is what lets a manager account for cash that left the register during a shift.
p27
Click Shifts.
p28
Notice the page gets simpler here: one count, no charts.
p29
A shift is a single drawer session, opened and closed on one terminal.
p30
This is where you live when a drawer won't balance.
p31
Opening cash, closing cash, and every payment and payout in between,
p32
that's the reconciliation, and this page lines it up in one row.
p33
Here's the page I promised, the Declined Credit Card Log.
p34
A member swears they paid, but their account shows nothing.
p35
Start here, every time.
p36
The reason column tells you why the card was turned down,
p37
and the attempts column tells you how many times the system retried before it gave up.
p38
That usually answers the question before you even call the gateway.
p39
Click Gift Card Transactions.
p40
Every load and every redeem against a gift card lands here.
p41
Type a card number into search and you get its whole history,
p42
with the running balance after each line.
p43
One caveat the page states in plain sight: this is completed activity, not card status.
p44
To issue a card or check whether it's active, that's CRM Gift Cards, a different page.
p45
Last page, House Account Transactions.
p46
These are sales billed to an account instead of paid at the register,
p47
the fleets and businesses that run on terms.
p48
Each row ties a ticket to the account that owes for it.
p49
That's the feed behind the balances and the invoices you'll work in CRM House Accounts.
p50
Here, it's just the raw charges.
p51
That's the map.
p52
Nine pages in the sidebar, and seven of them answer a question you'll hear.
p53
Line items on a sale? Ticket Details.
p54
How was it paid? Payments.
p55
Cash out of the drawer? Payouts.
p56
Drawer won't balance? Shifts.
p57
Says they paid but we show declined? The Declined log.
p58
Tracing a gift card? Gift Card Transactions.
p59
Billed to an account? House Account Transactions.
p60
Learn the map now, because for the rest of your support work,
p61
knowing the right page is half the job.